docs(www): Added a link to "Adding an SEO Component" (#15288)
gatsbyjs/gatsby: docs/docs/seo.md

Adding metadata to pages, such as page title and description, helps search engines understand your content and when to show your pages in search results.

> A common way to add metadata to pages is to add [react-helmet](https://github.com/nfl/react-helmet) components (together with the [Gatsby React Helmet plugin](/packages/gatsby-plugin-react-helmet) for SSR support) to your page components. Here's a quick [tutorial on how to add an SEO component](https://www.gatsbyjs.org/docs/add-seo-component/) to your gatsby app.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A common way to add metadata to pages is to add [react-helmet](https://github.com/nfl/react-helmet) components (together with the [Gatsby React Helmet plugin](/packages/gatsby-plugin-react-helmet) for SSR support) to your page components. Here's a [guide on how to add an SEO component](https://www.gatsbyjs.org/docs/add-seo-component/) to your Gatsby app.
```

Avoiding words like easy and quick can be good so that people don't get discouraged when they go to the guide and find out that it takes them longer than what they think is "quick" 🙂

Author: Understood! Will keep that in mind. Let's get this going 👍

Reviewer: Alright I just pushed the change myself, looks good!
